Added base for CT documentation (#144)
deity-io/falcon-platform-docs: docs/platform/integration/commercetools/extending/ctp-client.mdx

---
id: ctp-client
title: Commercetools Client
sidebar_label: Client (ctpClient)
---

import CodePackage from '@site/src/components/CodePackage';

<CodePackage name="@deity/falcon-commercetools-module" />

### Introduction
The Commercetools Client `ctpClient` allows you to connect to the SDK in the name of user or integration. The [Commercetools Session `ctpSession`](./ctp-session) is used for authentication.

### API root
You can make use of the by Commercetools [TypeScript SDK](https://commercetools.github.io/nodejs/sdk) through the `apiRoot`. Our `ctpClient` provides two methods to fetch a pre-configured client that can be use to create the `apiRoot` in which all required authorization and session refreshing are handled:
- **`getIntegrationClient()`**

> To make requests in the name of the [commercetools project](https://docs.commercetools.com/merchant-center/projects), use the `getCustomerClient`. This is for all requests where a signed-in user is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make requests in the name of the [commercetools project](https://docs.commercetools.com/merchant-center/projects), use the `getIntegrationClient` method. This is for all requests where a signed-in user is not required.
```

Not sure if my change is correct....but looks like it should be?!?
